# Template Pages

This folder contains all the templates assigned to Craft's sections. Each template should be named after the section it is assigned to.

## Naming

Pages should be snake cased and prefixed with an underscore, except when for Dynamic Page Templates (see more below). The naming convention for pages is to use the following format:

`_page_name.twig`

## Usage & Best Practices

You can assign a template to a section by going to the section's settings. Learn more [here](https://craftcms.com/docs/4.x/entries.html#sections). The template should be as follow:

`_pages/_page_name`

Pages should always be placed in the `_pages` folder and omit the `.twig`.

## Dynamic Page Templates

By default we include a dynamic page template named `_pages/_page.twig`. This template will check if and `entry` variable is available and if so, it will:

1. Check for a template name that matches the `entry.uri` (e.g. `_pages/about-us`)

2. Check for a template name that matches the `entry.type.handle` (e.g. `_pages/newsEntries`)

3. If no template is found, it will render the `_pages/_default_page` template.

When creating templates to match the `entry.uri` you should follow the kebab case naming convention. For example, if you have an entry with the URI `about-us`, you should create a template named `_pages/about-us.twig`.

When creating templates to match the `entry.type.handle` you should follow the camel case naming convention, which is the default case generated by Craft. For example, if you have an entry type with the handle `newsEntries`, you should create a template named `_pages/newsEntries.twig`.

Of course, if you name your section handle differently, you should name your template accordingly. For example, if you have a section with the handle `NewsEntries`, you should create a template named `_pages/NewsEntries.twig`.
